10:00
- started researching distributions. Mainly the differences between Fedora, KDE neon and Manjaro.
- At this point I am leaning towards trying Manjaro.

10:30
- found out why I shouldn't go with either Fedora or Manjaro. They both seem to be running on "bleeding edge" technology, which means it will be occasions where thing will be broken. I didn't like fixing smaller issues on Kubuntu so I figured it's not for me.

10:57
- KDE Neon is an interesting new distro. They have a 'developer version', unfortunately it is based on their unstable build, which again comes with 'bleeding edge'. I might try it down the road one day but not right now.
- I started to think if I was unfair towards Kubuntu. After all, I first installed default Ubuntu with Gnome Desktop. I disliked it. I found KDE Desktops and thought I will like it. SO I deleted Gnome Desktop and installed KDE on Ubuntu. Was that smart? Probably not. Did I remove everything? Also, probably not. Was that a cause for issues with Ubuntu and KDE not working properly? It's very likely. Conclusion: I am giving Kubuntu a second shot, installing it from scratch, on a VM.

11:30
- Kubuntu disc img is downloaded.
- installation has started
-

13:00
- command `sudo apt-get -y install curl postgresql libpq-dev default-jre build-essential` did nothing. I am installing everything manually now to make sure it works. noticed since curl wasn't installed, so I did `sudo apt-get install postgresql` and it installed postgresql. Glad I cought it now.
- installing one of these section bit by bit
- takes longer but I know it's executed properly

13:30
- phantomjs is not installing properly
- the guide I follow is not proper anymore.
- after some research I found a solution that got it running
- added solution to this file and referenced original file in a link

13:55
- installed vim and ack-grep
- followed by nano, just because I had issues sometimes with vim not opening credentials properly and needing nano.
- nano was already preinstalled

14:32
- found a good guide for installing rbenv
- flatiron recommended we do rvm, but after researching about it, rbenv is the better choice.
- the guide can be found [here](https://gorails.com/setup/ubuntu/21.04)
- just in case the guide gets deleted I will add a manual file in this repo
- I really hope all of this is going to make the setup faster in the future

15:05
- Rbenv and Rails are successfully installed.

15:28
- rails installation tested by running rails server. execution was running.
